Formalise use of Lesson Design Notes document (#361)
carpentries/lesson-development-training: episodes/audience.md

they will arrive at the lesson with different priorities,
interests, and challenges than your own.

### Lesson Design Notes Document

At this point, the Trainers will share [the template for a Lesson Design Notes document][design-notes-template] with trainees.
Trainees should make a copy of this document and fill in their lesson title.

> You will populate other parts of the document with the notesand information they produce throughout the training.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will populate other parts of the document with the notes and information they produce throughout the training.
```
